Do you want to earn money working online? At Hotmart you have two ways to do this. Either as a producer, or as an affiliate. Today we're going to show you the step-by-step process to make your first sale as an affiliate at Hotmart. Let's go? Affiliates are people who work by promoting other people's online courses and receiving a commission for each sale made. Most products on Hotmart accept affiliates. To be a successful affiliate, I need to follow some basic steps and pay attention to several details. It also takes a lot of work and the awareness that this activity does not bear fruit overnight. The first thing to do is register with Hotmart. So what you need to do is click here on Register, and then what you need to do is click here on register, and then our Hotmart registration screen will open. You have the option of registering either with your Facebook account, or registering your name here. Then you enter your name, your email, and below you choose a password. Beauty? Click continue and that's it. And then, when you enter the platform, you click here on the market section. Here you will see all the courses available on the Hotmart platform. Among the courses that accept affiliations, there are two types. Open affiliation courses, meaning anyone can join and start selling. Or courses with moderate affiliation. In moderate membership, you need to request your sharpening. And the producer may or may not accept it. The second thing to do is define which market niche you will work on. Choose courses on a subject that you master, that you are knowledgeable about. Even if just a little. This is important for you to be able to create content and promotional materials on topics of interest to potential buyers. After that, you will research on the Hotmart platform which courses are worth joining. To do this you need to analyze 5 factors. Temperature, blueprint, satisfaction, commission value per sale and the form of commissioning. I will explain each of these factors now one by one. So I'm going to go here and click here on the wine course, health, okay? Sat So I'm going to go here and click here on the wine course, health, okay? Satisfaction is the evaluation of the course according to those who have already purchased it. If you join courses with a high satisfaction rate, the chances of having customers dissatisfied with the product you sold are lower. So a product that has high satisfaction, the chance of it being requested for a refund is much lower than products that have low satisfaction, that is, they are poorly evaluated by their buyers. Temperature is a Hotmart index, okay? So this means the following, that we will evaluate all the good and bad things that product has, from the point of view of numbers, so that we can place it higher or lower in the market. In other words, if the product has a lot of sales, a product open to affiliation, many affiliates, many sales per affiliate, low reimbursement, low chargeback, consequently it will be hotter. Now this doesn't mean that the product that is colder is a bad product. This means that it is a product that suddenly has not yet been perceived, well perceived by people, or because it is a product that suddenly the producer has not yet put much effort into selling. So the temperature indicates how this product is being evaluated by the market at that moment, but it doesn't mean that you don't have good opportunities with a product with a low temperature. And naturally, the products that are hotter, they tend to attract more affiliates. So the hotter, the more affiliated. It's already happened to our client who left his affiliation open in one day and was in a warmer place, he had 3 thousand affiliates in one day. So, imagine that if the product is very hot, naturally you will have more competition to sell it. The blueprint represents the quality of the information registered by the product creator. So, the more relevant and detailed the information about the product, the larger the blueprint will be. Products with a high blueprint tend to provide good promotional materials for affiliates and a higher proportion between the commission per sale and the final price. Now talking about promotional materials. So it's really worth evaluating the product you're going to promote based on the quality of the materials the producer makes available to you. The main working material you will have is the sales page. So be sure to carefully evaluate the quality of the sales page that the producer makes available for you to work on. So here in the open course window you go to about and you go down to the bottom of the page here which will be the sales page. Just click on view and then you will arrive at the product's sales page. To assess whether a page is good, it is focused on convertingSo, first you have to see if she is removing all objections to the purchase of that product, if it has a call to action button, which we call, which is the call to action, that is, it has a visible button, easy for the person to click, they have to talk about the price and guarantees, in case the person decides not to make the purchase. It has to bring testimonials from people who have already purchased and explain concisely how the course works in general. So, in this case here, we are talking about, we have a sales page here that has a good call to action, you can see that it is very lit here, green. In the text, it removes people's objections along the way and a good tip is to check if it has a call to action as you scroll down the page. So you see that here we have a call to action and by the time you come down you already have another one. This means that it is a well-put together page. In other words, the person always has the option to click there to buy the course. This part here is the producer's presentation, reinforcing his authority, introducing himself and saying why he created this product. And here below, the part that we call social proof, which is people who have already purchased and who recommend this product for other people to also buy. We also see below that the page talks about exclusive bonuses, products with bonuses tend to have better conversion when people buy. And below is the price listed, there is the part there talking about the guarantee, how long the person has to be able to withdraw from the purchase after the purchase has been made, and there is also a guarantee seal. Stamps convert well, you know? So it's nice to have a guarantee seal there next to the guarantee made by the producer. People feel safe the moment they see the seal. So this is a tendency to convert the page better too. Now pay attention to one detail. Some producers choose to hide the CTA, you know, the call to action, so it only appears after a certain point in the video. In this case, instead of discarding the product, analyze the sales video. See if this is a cool sales video, if the producer says everything he delivers, if the transformation is interesting, if it has social proof. If you have all this, don't discard the product just because it doesn't have a call to action at the time, because this is often the experience of the producer who will say that that product converts better when the call to action appears only after a certain time. As for other promotional materials, to find out if the producer makes this type of material available, you go to the promotional tab here, you will click, and here, if the producer makes promotional materials available, they will all be displayed here. So you see that they usually come with size information, which is the banner, right? So you can apply on different websites or via email, it doesn't matter. So everything is already available here, including video. If you see that it is a producer that provides a lot of images, you know, banner variations, and provides the video, this is a sign that it is a producer that works well with affiliates. So it could be an indication that this is a product that actually deserves attention to be promoted. Well, the fourth indicator to know whether it is worth affiliating with a product is the value of the commission. The value of the commission, folks, is a purely personal analysis. So it is your analysis. Think about the time and money you will invest in promoting this product. And then you evaluate whether the commission can guarantee you a good or bad financial return. The best products to affiliate with are not necessarily the ones with the highest commission. Products that have a high commission will probably cost more to sell. And products that have a lower commission, in general, will cost less to sell. You need to evaluate what ROI you have in this operation. When I'm talking about ROI, I'm talking about return on investment. Basically, you need to analyze the following, the product costs R$30, you have R$20 in commission. If you have R$20 in commission and this sale costs you R$2, you have R$ in commission and this sale costs you R$2, you have 18 reais in return on the sale you made. Now, imagine that you have a product that pays you 350 reais in commission. But it costs you 345 to sell. You return 5 reais from him. So, there's no point in him having a high commission. You need to evaluate what return that commission brings you. And finally, the commission method and whether the affiliate will receive the sale for the first or last click. You will see this here on this same page where the price for the end customer appears and here is the value, so here it is 47 reais. Emba below there says, look, this product is commissioned by the last click. When you affiliate with a productdigitally, you receive a hotlink, which is a unique link that Hotmart generates to track your sales. This hotlink will take you to a course sales page, which is where people will be able to make a purchase. You must promote the course using your hotlink. This is very important, because it is one of the main ways for us to ensure that that sale actually came from your efforts. Imagine that a person clicks on your hotlink and arrives at the sales page of a course they are interested in. And then he doesn't buy the course and closes the sales page window. Two days later, he decides to buy the course, but reaches the sales page via the producer's hotlink or another affiliate's hotlink and not yours. In this example, if the commission is for the first click, you will receive the commission for the sale, because they reached the sales page for the first time by clicking on your hotlink. If the commission is for the last click, you are not the one who receives the commission, because the conversion, that is, the sale, was not completed through your hotlink. There is also another model, which is less used, but is very interesting, which is the multi-click model. So what does the producer do? It will balance how much commission goes to each of the clicks. Then balance how much commission goes to each of the clicks. So he can put, for example, 30% for the first click, 70% for the last click. In these cases, you guarantee, even if he didn't make the purchase from your hotlink, if you impacted him first, you earn a percentage that the producer has determined. This model is less used, but it is very interesting. So looking for products that use multi-click can be an interesting strategy, especially if you trust the quality of your content or if you believe in your ability to reach this guy first. Evaluate the type of commissioning, which of the three types of commissioning you will choose. Whether it is first click, multiple click or last click, it is a decision that will largely depend on your advertising style. One tip is to affiliate with products with three different types of commission and analyze which one works best for your performance. There are people who are very good at writing ad copy for conversion and there are people who are very good at creating perfect content to capture that person before, at the beginning of the sale, right? So you have to understand what style is yours. If you understand what style is yours, you will understand which types of products make the most sense for you to affiliate with. When you see the type of conditioning here on the platform, you will also see right after it says the duration of cookies and whether hot leads are deactivated or activated. These cookies here are not cookies, okay? When we talk about cookies, they are small files that are recorded by browsers while the person is browsing, while you, me, everyone else is browsing. It then stores user browsing data. Do you know when you go to log in to a website, your email and password are already filled in there? This is because the website stored this information through a cookie. In the context of Hotmart, cookies are used to identify which hotlink a user used to access a course sales page. These cookies will allow the affiliate to be correctly commissioned for a sale. Hotmart cookies have a duration that can be configured by the product creator. The duration can be 60, 90, 180 days or eternal. What does that mean? This means how long these cookies will be stored and they will be assigned to you. In other words, if you have a producer who states that cookies last forever, this means that if you impact this guy today and this is recorded in his browser, but three years from now this guy makes this purchase, effectively you will still have your commission guaranteed. Most of our producers use the finite duration of cookies. When the eternal duration is there, this can be an interesting indication for you to be able to affiliate with that producer. Possibly he has a lot of confidence in the quality of his content and his affiliates. Hot Leads is an exclusive tool from Hotmart to give you even more confidence when generating your sales. So it's an extra way for us to be able to track that that buyer came from that affiliate. Through Hot Leads, producers can know not only how many sales an affiliate generated for them, but also how many leads were generated by the affiliate. Through Hot Leads, producers can know not only how many sales an affiliate generated for them, but also how many leads were generated by the affiliate. Leads are potential customers who have not yet made a purchase, but who have shown an interest in finding out more about your product. With this data on leads, the affiliate and the producer can have a greater idea of ​​the concontribution from the affiliate to the producer's business. Furthermore, if for some reason the browser does not register the cookie at the time of a sale, the affiliate will still be commissioned if that buyer has a list of leads generated by hot leads for that product. So, after analyzing everything I said here, you will choose the digital products you want to promote. To start, I suggest you choose at least three related to the niche you want to promote. To start, I suggest you choose at least three related to the niche you have chosen. Then, to join, you click on the course and go to promote product. If the course is open affiliation, naturally. If the course has moderate affiliation, you click request affiliation. In this case, you will have to wait for the producer's response. What do I suggest you do if you are going to join a moderated membership product? Write to the producer, you will have a field where you can write and introduce yourself to the producer. Do not ignore this field. Tell them who you are, what your experience is, why you want to promote their product. Because sometimes producers receive so many affiliation requests that come up empty that they simply deny that affiliation request, because they want their affiliates to be people actually engaged in that product. So introduce yourself, send a Facebook link of yours so the guy can see who you are, send a link to a blog you have, or some reference, Send a link to a blog you have or some reference. This helps a lot to ensure that the producer will accept you to be able to affiliate their product. So now let's see how to promote these products. You can use multiple channels. The most common are paid advertisements, social networks, blogs and email marketing. paid ads, social networks, blogs and email marketing. Choosing which of these channels you will use depends largely on the strategy you will adopt as an affiliate. So let's see what the main strategies are for being an affiliate. Authority Affiliate. An authority affiliate is a person who is already an expert on a subject. So let's say, it could be an Instagram influencer, for example, it could be someone who has a very popular blog on a subject, it could be someone who has a very large email list on a specific subject, in other words, someone who He already has authority, he is already recognized for what he usually publishes. This is the affiliate that we call an authority and is already recognized for what he usually promotes. This is the affiliate we call authority. So he already has, in fact, knowledge about that and an audience, in some way, that follows him to talk about that subject. The idea of ​​being an authority affiliate is that you can use that influence to recommend products related to your market. In other words, a travel blog can recommend a product about how to travel cheaply. Or a food blog may indicate a product linked to teaching how to make, for example, a cupcake. So, the idea of ​​the affiliate or authority is to use that audience they already have to be able to recommend products that are well linked to their market. There is another type of affiliate that we call presenting affiliate. He, in a way, is close to the authority affiliate, but his trick is that he uses the influence he already has, the credibility he already has with his audience, to recommend products to which he is affiliated and which he is not necessarily affiliated with. are linked to what he is used to publishing. Then the presenting affiliate uses this influence to indicate the products he is an affiliate of, mainly through social networks, in general. The big difference between the presenting affiliate and the authority is that the presenter is not necessarily an authority on that subject of the course he is recommending. The recommendation is more personal than professional. The third form of affiliate that we call is the scientist affiliate. Many people use the term affiliate arbitrator, which is actually a term that JP, our founder, created. So, the scientist affiliate, the referee, he is an expert. An expert in digital marketing. So, he focuses on conversion. He will be able to get a paid ad there on a social network or display network or through an email list. But his thing is he's an ad specialist. I call this guy the representative of the contemporary world. What I mean? Do you remember that encyclopedia salesman who used to go from house to house? Think this guy is exactly the same thing, only he does it in the online world. So instead of going from house to house, it reaches people where they are. And then he gets a commission from that product that isn't his, which is the same thing as the guy who sold encyclopedias. But our difference is that we went to the digital world. So this guy's focusIt will always be about working with the target audience and measuring the results to improve conversions. Fourth type of affiliate is the reseller affiliate. This is the affiliate who sells through referrals, that is, it is through word of mouth, talking to people in his circle of acquaintances. So he sells a lot through referrals to family members or close friends. This type of affiliate usually invests very little money, but at the same time they won't be able to scale sales, right? Because the group of people he manages to reach, of acquaintances and people who trust him, is not that large of people. So, after defining what type of affiliate you are going to be, it's time to understand how to use the available communication channels in the best way. Social media. The most used social networks to sell are Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. So, in this video, we're going to focus on these three. They all have different profiles and require slightly different approaches from one to the next. On Facebook, create a fan page instead of posting on your own personal profile. In addition to being more professional, with a fan page you will be able to create sponsored ads on Facebook, which is something you can't do with a personal profile. So, this way, you can promote your work to many more people. As for the content you will post on Facebook, you can post your texts that you have on your blog, newspaper articles related to the topic of interest, images, infographics, in short, any content that is informative and somewhat entertaining. So depending a lot on the profile of your audience. On Instagram, you can post motivational phrases or famous quotes, beautiful images, infographics or records of activities related to your niche market. Another very good tool that has given very good results for our producers is Instagram Stories. Post records of your daily life that show your passion and authority for the topic of the product you want to sell. On YouTube, the content tends to be more educational or entertainment, like a blog. Post videos regularly. This is a very important tip. YouTube likes channels that post regularly. This is a very important tip. YouTube likes channels that post regularly. So choose how many times you will post per week, whether it is once a week or once every two weeks, but try not to skip this, because YouTube likes channels that do this. And then post tips related to your market niche. And from time to time you can offer products that you are an affiliate of in your videos. And don't forget the description. Place the product link in the video description. We think that people don't open that, but about a fifth of people open the video descriptions. So, put your link there that can convert well. When offering a product, whether on Facebook, Instagram or YouTube, be creative. Instead of simply posting your affiliate hotlink, try to review the product, or talk about some quality of the product that caught your attention, or give a testimonial, or tell a related story, not necessarily yours, but someone else's. This helps a lot with conversion. Simply putting your link there, why would people click there, if you just put the link? When balancing your content posts and offer posts, try to ensure that your offers are no more than 20% of the posts you usually make on your page. If you fill your followers with offers all the time, it is very likely that they will end up not liking it. They will consider that insistence. It's the same thing for that salesperson who is trying to sell you something. If he keeps talking all the time, buy this, buy this, buy this, eventually you'll get tired and you won't want to listen to that person anymore. Now let's talk about blogging. So for you to have influence in your market niche, it is essential that you have a blog where you will post texts on the subject of interest, of interest to you or linked to that product. For example, if you are an affiliate of an online course on recipes and healthy eating, you can create a blog to write texts on this subject, giving recipe tips or nutritional information, or similar things. You can give some fitness tips and put a product up for sale as a recipe. Things are linked to each other. There's no point writing a blog that no one reads, right? So in addition to producing content for the blog, you will also have to attract people there. Whether through paid or organic traffic. To do this organically, you will have to study and apply SEO techniques, mainly because of Google searches. If you want to better understand how to work SEO on your blog, just watch our Hotmart Tips on Content Marketing. There are all the tips thereThat's what you need to make your blog. You can also take advantage of this blog to place banners and other promotional materials in your own space. If the course producer provides this type of content, you use their content, otherwise make that content yourself. What matters is that you make the best possible use of the space you already have, which is sitting there idle. Your blog can also serve as a tool to capture people's emails. In fact, it's very interesting that he does this. Place an email capture form on your blog. It can be on the side of your blog, in the middle of the text, or a pop-up that you open when someone is thinking about leaving your blog. To increase the chances of visitors filling out the form, offer something in return. Music Music Muc, m, moc, moc, moc... Music Moc, moc, moc, moc... Music Muc, muc, muc... Music Music Music